hi I am Fred from the elastic team here
I will give a high-level overview of
what elastic can do now and in the
future at the heart of version zero five
is the interactive training of a pixel
level classifier after training the
classifier can be used to batch process
very large numbers of images the images
can have two or three spatial dimensions
plus a spectral dimension everything is
multi-threaded for speed in settings
where the pixel level classifier won't
work
you can resort to an interactive
watershed unsupervised decomposition
allows you to find low dimensional
representations for spectral images and
the plugin mechanism offers
extensibility everything is open-source
and we share binaries for major
platforms now I want to give you an
intuition for how the interactive
machine learning works features can be
selected by the user and they are
computed for each and every pixel in the
image so every pixel on the image is
mapped to one point in future space now
the user can provide annotations in the
image domain which are of course
transferred to the feature space and can
we use to train a classifier once the
classifier has been trained predictions
can be made for each and every point in
feature space that means for each and
every pixel on the image domain if
you're not happy with the current result
for instance I see some problems here
you can different rotations and thus
improve your classifier all of this is
shown in more detail in the other videos
that you can see on the documentation
page now here I have an example where
such a pixel every classifier won't work
for example I want to carve out this
particular neuron out of the three
dimensional data set however it looks
just the same as its neighbor so I need
a different strategy here we use an
amortized watershed that relies on
boundary information and on labels
provided by the users so here these are
seeds and by providing a couple of seeds
you
can distinguish your objects of interest
from the background
and render them in 3d in the upcoming
version 0.6 we will have all of the
above plus the possibility to combine
modules into specific workflows there
will be just-in-time computation that
will bring interactive machine learning
even on very large data sets to the
notebook and it will allow operations on
structured objects such as reagent
adjacency graphs and so on it will have
a generic object feature library and
many more for more detailed demos please
have a look at the other videos and
explore and enjoy yourself thanks for
listening